# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
asyncio==4.0.0
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
contextvars==2.4
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dotenv==0.9.9
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via tensorflow
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h5py==3.14.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
immutables==0.21
    # via contextvars
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
keras==3.11.3
    # via tensorflow
langchain==0.3.27
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.29
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.75
    # via
    #   engine (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-ollama==0.3.7
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.20
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.8.2
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.5.3
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
namex==0.1.0
    # via keras
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   engine (pyproject.toml)
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   langchain-community
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
ollama==0.5.3
    # via langchain-ollama
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow
optree==0.17.0
    # via keras
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pillow==11.3.0
    # via tensorboard
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   engine (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   dotenv
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tensorflow
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.1.0
    # via keras
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.47.3
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tensorboard==2.20.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.20.0
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   engine (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   tensorflow
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   engine (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via engine (pyproject.toml)
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via tensorflow
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via langsmith
